jai mata di om namah shivaya
// editing 
10)antibiotics-- antibiotics saves millions of lives everyday by killing the growth of harmful bacteria present in the human body. louis pasteur and robert koch were the first to describe antibiosis in 1887. alexandra flemming in 1928 made a major breakthrough by inventing penicillin from penicillium, it is a chemical compound which works as antibiotic. after that antibiotics spread rapidly fighting every single infection and bacteria and saving peoples lives and improving their healths. thus antibiotics have become an essential part of modern medical industry. the only problem with anti biotics is that they can not distinguish between good bacteria and bad bacteria. not all types of bacteria is bad , some bacteria is essential for our survival but antibiotics if used they are not able to distinguish and may sometimes kill or inhibit the growth of  bacteria which is needed by our body. one interesting fact about anti biotics is that  they are used more often on animals than on humans. it may be noted that no new classes of antibiotics have been discovered in recent years as it is very costly phenomenon and goverenment too is not supporting in the field of anti biotic nowadays.

11) big bang theory-- scientists believe that universe contains the answers to all the questions which doesnot let us sleep at night. time is an interesting topic to start with as we can't change time or go back in time. but question is that how can we know how we have originated or how the universe has formed if we can't go back in time. the answer to that question is by finding the begining of time which is called zero time, when there were only matter and anti matter but no universe. so, big bang explains the starting time of the formation of universe and how it is created. in the begining of time there were 1000 matter and 10001 anti-matter and at some point when they collide threre was a huge explosion called 'big bang' which led to the formation of our universe. to be more specific, 1000 matter particles get destroyed with collision by 1000 anti matter particles and the one anti matter which was left is the universe in which we are dwelling. at the very beginning it was the size of the small dot and since then it has keep on expanding and it is expanding now also. that is the reason we say our universe is expanding. god knows when we will be able to explore it fully because if it keeps on expanding then no matter how much we have discovered there will always be something to explore. this theory has helped us to find the 'higgs boson' which will reveal the origin of human species and that's why this particle is popularly known as God Particle.